There are reasons for JDBC to remain blocking. Web servers can easily handle hundreds of thousands of open connections;
for example, if they just occasionally stream small bits of data. Database systems, on the other hand, perform several
more or less similar steps for each client query:
    - Query parsing (CPU-bound) translates a String containing a query into a parse tree
    - Query optimizer (CPU-bound) evaluates the query against various rules and statistics, trying to build an execution plan
    - Query executor (I/O-bound) traverses database storage and finds appropriate tuples to return
    - Result set (network-bound) is serialized and pushed back to the client

Clearly, every database needs a lot of resources to perform a query. Typically, the majority of time is actually spent
executing the query and disks (spinning or SSD) are not very parallel by design. Therefore, there is a limited amount
of concurrent queries that a database system can and should perform until it saturates. This limit largely depends on
the actual database engine being used and the hardware on which it’s running. There are also many other less-obvious
aspects like locks, context switches, and CPU cache lines exhaustion. You should expect around a few hundred queries
per second. This is very little compared to, for example, the hundreds of thousands of open HTTP connections, easily
achievable with nonblocking APIs.

Knowing that throughput of the database is severely limited by hardware, having fully and entirely reactive drivers
does not make that much sense after all. Technically, you can implement a wire protocol on top of Netty or RxNetty
and never block the client thread. In fact, there are numerous nonstandard, independently developed approaches
(see postgresql-async, postgres-async-driver, adbcj, and finagle-mysql), all trying to implement a wire protocol
of a particular database with a nonblocking networking stack. But knowing that JVM can handle hundreds to thousands
of threads without much hassle, there does not seem to be much benefit derived from
rewriting the well-established JDBC API from the ground up. Even Slick from commonly used Lightbend reactive stack p
owered by Akka toolkit uses JDBC underneath. There are also community-led projects bridging between RxJava and
JDBC, such as rxjava-jdbc.

The advice for interacting with relational databases is to actually have a dedicated, well-tuned thread pool and
isolate the blocking code there. The rest of your application can be highly reactive and operate on just a handful
of threads, but from a pragmatic point of view, just deal with JDBC because trying to replace it with something
more reactive could bring a lot of pain for no apparent gain.