    Schedulers.newThread()
This scheduler simply starts a new thread every time it is requested via subscribeOn() or observeOn(). newThread() is
hardly ever a good choice, not only because of the latency involved when starting a thread, but also because this
thread is not reused. Stack space must be allocated up front (typically around one megabyte, as controlled by the
-Xss parameter of the JVM) and the operating system must start new native thread. When the Worker is done, the thread
simply terminates. This scheduler can be useful only when tasks are coarse-grained: it takes a lot of time to complete
but there are very few of them, so that threads are unlikely to be reused at all. In practice, following Schedulers.io()
is almost always a better choice.

    Schedulers.io()
This scheduler is similar to newThread(), but already started threads are recycled and can possibly handle future requests.
This implementation works similarly to ThreadPoolExecutor from java.util.concurrent with an unbounded pool of threads.
Every time a new Worker is requested, either a new thread is started (and later kept idle for some time) or the idle
one is reused.
The name io() is not a coincidence. Consider using this scheduler for I/O bound tasks which require very little CPU
resources. However they tend to take quite some time, waiting for network or disk. Thus, it is a good idea to have a
relatively big pool of threads. Still, be careful with unbounded resources of any kind—in case of slow or unresponsive
external dependencies like web services, io() scheduler might start an enormous number of threads, leading to your very
own application becoming unresponsive, as well.

    Schedulers.computation()
You should use a computation scheduler when tasks are entirely CPU-bound; that is, they require computational power and
have no blocking code (reading from disk, network, sleeping, waiting for lock, etc.) Because each task executed on this
scheduler is supposed to fully utilize one CPU core, executing more such tasks in parallel than there are available
cores would not bring much value. Therefore, computation() scheduler by default limits the number of threads running
in parallel to the value of availableProcessors(), as found in the Runtime.getRuntime() utility class.
If for some reason you need a different number of threads than the default, you can always use the
rx.scheduler.max-computation-threads system property. By taking less threads you ensure that there is always one or
more CPU cores idle, and even under heavy load, computation() thread pool does not saturate your server. It is not
possible to have more computation threads than cores.
computation() scheduler uses unbounded queue in front of every thread, so if the task is scheduled but all cores
are occupied, they are queued. In case of load peak, this scheduler will keep the number of threads limited. However,
the queue just before each thread will keep growing.

    Schedulers.from(Executor executor)
Schedulers are internally more complex than Executors from java.util.concurrent, so a separate abstraction was needed.
But because they are conceptually quite similar, unsurprisingly there is a wrapper that can turn Executor into Scheduler
using the from() factory method

    Schedulers.immediate()
Schedulers.immediate() is a special scheduler that invokes a task within the client thread in a blocking fashion,
rather than asynchronously. Using it is pointless unless some part of your API requires providing a scheduler, whereas
you are absolutely fine with default behavior of Observable, not involving any threading at all. In fact, subscribing
to an Observable (more on that in a second) via immediate() Scheduler typically has the same effect as not subscribing
with any particular scheduler at all. In general, avoid this scheduler, it blocks the calling thread and is of limited
use.

    Schedulers.trampoline()
The trampoline() scheduler is very similar to immediate() because it also schedules tasks in the same thread,
effectively blocking. However, as opposed to immediate(), the upcoming task is executed when all previously scheduled
tasks complete. immediate() invokes a given task right away, whereas trampoline() waits for the current task to finish.
Trampoline is a pattern in functional programming that allows implementing recursion without infinitely growing the call
stack. This is best explained with an example, first involving immediate(). By the way, notice that we do not interact
directly with a Scheduler instance but first create a Worker

    Schedulers.test()
This Scheduler is used only for testing purposes, and you will never see it in production code. Its main advantage is
the ability to arbitrarily advance the clock, simulating time passing by. Schedulers alone are not very interesting.
If you want to discover how they work internally and how to implement your own, check out the next section.